tidy language on criteria page (#337)
publiccodenet/about: activities/codebase-stewardship/criteria-for-codebase-stewardship.md

## Evaluation questions

> This is a list of questions to ask the current owners of potential codebases to help us better understand their codebase before the Assess phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of questions for current owners of potential codebases to help us better understand their codebase before the [Assess phase](https://about.publiccode.net/activities/codebase-stewardship/lifecycle.html).
```

### Community potential

1. Is there a two to four year roadmap?
2. Is there a public backlog in English or one you can make public?

> 3. Is there a public bugtracking system in English or one you can make public?

Reviewer: The original questions 3 and 4 were about the roadmap and backlog, not the bugtracking system. That's why they were asked in that order.

Author: aha! Then I would suggest making them either subquestions, or referring back to the backlog directly, to make this clearer

Reviewer: I've put them back into the previous order. I wonder if the source of the confusion is the (deliberate) vagueness about 'your current set of goals'?

4. How far through your current set of goals are you?

> 5. Would you describe your goals in the next six months as realistic or ambitious?

Reviewer: The original wording was meant to suggest a continuum - people replying in binary isn't as useful to us.

### Community potential

1. Is there a two to four year roadmap?
2. Is there a public backlog in English or one you can make public?

> 3. Are your goals for the next 6 months more ambitious or realistic?

Author: ```suggestion
3. Are your backlog goals for the next 6 months more ambitious or realistic?
```

> 4. How far through your current set of goals are you?

Author: 3. Are your backlog goals for the next 6 months more ambitious or realistic?
